oh this one's a 6-speed manual they 2013
accord stored with the six-speed manual
I huge fan of that shifter but it's
pretty nice dual zone climate control
here is your navigation and radio all in
this interface and I believe you can get
an additional touch screen there so your
steering wheel everything is soft up
here and on the dash do you get that
carbon fiber which looks pretty good in
the sport I don't like this chrome its
kind of cheap looking great in your
center console and I just like the fact
that some 26 feet
tricky khan vs a
we're all pretty nice
backseat
this is the sport with the dual exhaust
and to get your earth dreams
four-cylinder in it
your alloy wheels and fog lights
projector headlamps also
really nice